q1:First of third person?
I've seen so many good reviews on this game that it's not even funny. I like FPSs, but HATE first person for any game that involves a lot of melee. My main question is: can the game be fully played in a third person perspective? My second question: If "yes" then how good is the control? Assume that I'd be playing on the PC.
q1a1:#2
This question has been asked and answered four or five times in the sprawling mega-threads, so I feel safe in saying that (even though I play FP), the overall answer has been "Yes" and "Pretty well-- can zoom out decently so it's not just an over the shoulder view" and lots of people are playing that way.
q1a2:
I prefer to play Skyrim in 3rd person and only to switch to 1st person to grab something difficult off a shelf.

By contrast, and I have played every previous Elder Scroll game as well as the two recent Fallout games primarily in 1st person.

q1a3:
I could see someone playing it all in third person pretty well. I prefer first simply because it's an Elder Scrolls game and thus doing it in third person just wouldn't feel right to me.


q2:Falion... doesnt want to cure me?
im trying to get my vampirism cured, for the past 18 hours, and i finally got my vampirism down so falion would meet me, he comes to the spot, the quest tells me to talk to him, but when i talk to him i get nothing but generic npc chat options, ive killed the mudcrabs on the path to the stones, and i cant figure out whats up, can anyone help?

q2c1:same happpened with me he justs stands outside the circle waiting, and the speech options for the ritual don't show up.
q2c2:I was a vampire like you once. Then I took a cure disease potion to the stomach.

q2a1:I don't know much about this Falion guy, but I know one way to cure your vampirism.

There's a faction called the Companions in Whiterun, near Dragonsreach.

Join, and one of the first quests they have you do gives you the power of a werewolf.

Having beast blood makes you 100% resistant to disease.

q2a2:I am having the same problem with Falion. I have tried multiple days, and when he comes he just stands near the water and just gives the generic chatter.

q2a3:He won't speak to you if you're a stage 4 vampire, and he may even attack you. Do a quick save before even talking to him about the cure (before you give him the soul gem, he can glitch and act as if you never gave him one).

After talking to him, go to the meeting place and wait until 5am-6am. He may be attacked by a creature, go help him out or he can die. Once he arrives at the circle he might loiter outside of it. He needs to be inside the circle before he will cure you.

Sprint into him to nudge him inside, or wait another 24 hours to reset him. Or you can attack him and lure him inside the circle, before using a Calm on him. You may be able to sheath your weapon and have him accept the surrender. I tried this once and failed to get him into the circle, a second attack made him go perma hostile. Another alternative is simply waiting and hoping he gets the path right.


q3:I seem to be stuck. Literally.
How many of you guys have literally gotten stuck? When I say stuck, I mean wedged into a small space, not being able to jump out or move at all.

It's uncanny just how much this happens to me. I'll be jumping around outside, and somehow manage to land myself in a snug little space surrounded by boulders... and I can't do a single thing to get myself out, not even Whirlwind Sprint helps. In the end I just give up trying and load to a previous save, which is always soooooooo long ago, haha. So what about you, fellow dragonborn?

GAH!
q3a1:Yeah this has happend to me a lot normally when I cant be bothered walking round a mountain haha 
q3a2:You do know that you can just fast-travel assuming you're outside?

Yes, this has happened to me. It's much more common than it ever was in Oblivion.
q3c1:It sucks when you get stuck and there are enemies nearby and you can't fast travel though.


q4:Who is your favorite daedric prince?
Mine personally is hircine because i absolutely love the werewolf perk

q4a1:Azura since she's the least evil of them all.
q4a2:Sheogorath. He's an absolute madman and a master manipulator. Sending you into madness while you attempt to escape his Labrinth.

Hermaeus Mora had an awesome storyline, kinda wish he stuck around a bit longer after the Dragonborn DLC.
As far as Aesthetics go, Apocrypha was amazing, loved exploring that.

Molag Bal is also an awesome Daedric Prince, loves himself some torture.
q4a3:Definitely Azura. The whole concept of a pantheon of essentially evil gods bothers me on a fundamental level, and although I thoroughly enjoy TES games, starting with Morrowind, I abhor most of the content featuring the various princes. Obviously, some of it is unavoidable, but Azura in particular seems to be on the side of not being an evil asshole, mostly.

The one that bothered me the most in Skyrim was Molag Bal. One of the core tenets of an open world RPG is to allow the player to forge their own path, and that particular situation is literally game-breaking, as a player who wishes not to kill the priest has no other choice but to reload the game. I consider this single quest to be one of the major failings of Skyrim.

That said, I'm also a bit of a fan of Malacath, but only because a quest reward in Morrowind is one of the only relatively easy ways to get a helmet with a Constant Effect Endurance boost that high at level 1. This, because the Endurance stat in Morrowind did not apply retroactively, so boosting your Endurance as high as possible before leveling up was one of the only ways to ensure max HP. Malacath doesn't appear in Skyrim at all, technically(he is actually in the game, but you would never see him without the console).

q5:Where can I get these daedra hearts...?
I've been searching place to place to find these daedra hearts for awhile with no luck anyone know where I can find them without stealing them?
q5a1:The alchemical vendors usually have them for sale, and being merchants, they restock every few days (i think that varies, I don't know how much by)

I do remember buying one of someone in the College of Winterhold - Enthir.

Filing that you can pick up four of them during and repeatedly after this quest.
q5a2:you can create them at the atronach forge using a black soul gem and a human heart

failing that, they are sold by enthir for a hefty price at the college of winterhold, can be found when killing dremora lords (not ones you spawn however) and there is one (that respawns every three days i believe) in jorrvaskr, on a plate near kodlak whitemane's room

there's also a slight chance that babette, the little vampire girl in the dark brotherhood, will sell them to you
q5a3:Soul Cairn is a good place to hunt for some. Most people should have Dawnguard and you just need to progress in that quest to get there.


Also maybe try the shrine to Mehrunes Dagon.

q6:Lydia missing T-T
I use Lydia to put things and fast travel to whiterun to sell the items as i keep doing it i did not realized at first but when i load my game and keep looking at my Lydia i could not find her i waited many times and wait in Breezehome the house and the dragonreach hall still cant find her... she did not died and just vanish....
Is this a bug???How to solve???
q6a1: You told her to wait? Usually if they are following you, you can just fast-travel to get them to spawn beside you. If however you made them wait but now you can't find them again, hmmm, I don't quite know what you can do. I assume perhaps like Fallout 3, you wait around 3 days before the follower goes back to their original place.
q6c1:Actually i did not told her to wait i was fast traveling to get the remaining items that i left before....
I recalled my foot steps... and look through the caves i went in... still i cant find her... is there a way to find her???
q6a2:Yeah dude, turns out when I lost my Lydia, with a full repertoire of dragonscale armor(legendary) and a legendary chillrend I might add, I had actually killed her. Even better, she died at black_briar cabin whilst I was on my search for my vanished Frost, go figure. Anyways, off you buy breezehome in whiterun, she has a room up the stairs and to the left, if she us alive you'll find her there.
q6a3:Just wait/sleep 3 days and youll get a message saying shes back to her starting place, and shell be in the castle  happened to me too, my Lydia is back! <3
q6a4:I happened to stumble on my "Lost Lydia" at Sky Haven Temple. I think because I had offered Lydia as a recruit for the Blades to Delphine, Lydia went back there to wander around near the wall with the dragon mural.

If you've done anything similar with Lydia, those might be the places to check for her when she comes up missing.

q7:Lost Follower, dead (?); can't accept new Follower
Started with Lydia following me.
Sometime she disappeared, maybe killed
Went back to the Jarl's palace and she is not there
Now, after beating up Benor, and asking him to follow, he replies that I already have a follower.
Am I stuck like this for the entire game?
Is Lydia in 'limbo' somewhere
Thanks
q7a1:Did you ever try waiting? Just wait for a couple hours and she should appear near you,then you can just tell her you want to part ways.

q7a2:Try fast-travelling to a location. Does she turn up there? If not, you've told her to wait somewhere. Try retrace your steps to where she last was. Can't do that? Well, I assume the old trick from Fallout works. Wait (Select/Back/T) for 3+ Days (72 Hours +) and she should 'return' to your house.
q7a3:If you can't bring someone else along, then she's most likely not dead. Try fast traveling somewhere and/or just waiting it out. She'll probably end up besides you or back at her house soon.
q7a4:There's also another option if none of this works (which it should).

Join the companions. In a couple of thier quests,one of the memebers joins you and forces your follower to leave.

q7a4:Lydia followed me in to a cave and refused to keep following me. Luckey I told her to part ways so I was able to get another follower. She stayed gone for ages until I had to protect whiterun from the stormcloaks, she was running around whiterun!

q8:Thalmor Soldier DESTROYS the Dragonborn
Anyone else a Thalmor supporter?
q8a1:Darn Faithless Filthy Elves.
q8a2:Pelinal Whitestrake would like a word with you.

q9:Your Favorite Housecarl

Skyrim has been out forever and I didn't see a thread based on this so I thought I may as well ask here.
Who is your favorite housecarl? Most of them are pretty much the same, minus the voice, but surely you have a preference. Are you more of a Lydia person? Maybe you like good ol Calder.
Me? I use Valdimar a lot. He's a spellsword and I gave him a goofy little hat. Iona and Jordis the Sword Maiden are pretty cool too.
q9a1:As I have not been collecting housecarls as much as I should, I like Gregor at the moment. I made him a steward so he can chill in Winstad manor. I don't have followers with me as I'm doing the Thieves Guild quests to get my achievements. I love the Creation Club purchases I got. I just wish there was open faced Daedric helms or heavy/light armour circlets that match the armours in game.
q9a2:The only one I've ever gotten, that I can recall, is Lydia. Not a huge fan of her. Aesthetically she's nice. She's hard working enough and all, but she sounds resigned whenever you get her to do certain tasks, namely when you treat her as a pack mule ("I'm sworn to carry your burdens.").

I use Lydia as a steward whenever I get a home (Usually Lakeview Manor for me).
q10:Dragon or Daedric ?
Does anyone know what's better ? I've heard a few people say that Daedric has better stats but I'm not sure :/
Dragon requires 100 smithing so I can't think why it would be worse. I'm lvl 92 at the moment, so I'm debating whether to buy Daedra hearts or not
q10a1:I've just myself unlocked Daedric smithing, but am yet to make any. However, the graphic at the forge makes all the gear look absolutely amazing. I've always been someone who will actually happily take a reduction in quality (be it damage, defence, or whatever) to have my character look as I wish them.

So if when I'm in a position to craft everything, and the statistical best gear doesn't look as good as some of the other gear, I'd be more than happy to run with the lower stuff.

Obviously I'm yet to see how the Dragon gear looks, but I'm sure it's also going to look rather spiffy. The dragon bones and scales you gather from dragons are surely going to be needed for crafting it, and going by what I've experienced in the game so far, I've gathered a small amount of dragon remains, and not even encountered anywhere to get the Daedric components needed for that gear (if anyone is inclined to read the previous and reveal, please don't). Therefore at this rate, I'm likely to unlock Dragon smithing long before I find everything I need to make Daedric gear. Unless I cool it on the smithing for now, which I just might.

q10a2:Dragon has the most defense. Daedric can't be upgraded the final time without the dragon skill, so you need the skill anyway. The dragon tree doesn't have weapons so you should make a daedric weapon. Dragon armor counts toward both your heavy and light armor skill.
q10a3:I read that Daedric had more defense than Dragon... However, Dragon has no weapons and to upgrade Daedric you need to perk Dragon anyways. So it really doesn't matter, and all comes down to which you think looks better. ^^;
q10a4:At 100 Smithing, and with the Dragon perk, Daedric is stronger. I tested this myself just now. However, I cannot confirm or deny that the Dragon perk is needed to max out Daedric; as far as I'm aware, there's no need to get the Dragon perk, and I don't feel like going back and testing Daedric out without the Dragon perk to see what the difference is.

Frankly, I see no reason you would need the Dragon perk. Getting the Daedric perk and pushing your Smithing skill to 100 should be all you need to get Daedric armor maxed. The Dragon perk shouldn't be needed.
q10a5:I'm fairly sure that you need the next smithing perk to upgrade the any armor again and it's not just daedric to dragon. So when you get the dragon perk, there should also be several upgrades to steel, dwarven, orc, ebony.. you get the point.
Again, wearing dragon armor (heavy, for sure) leveling the skill for both heavy and light armors.. so you level faster.
